


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Michael or Hannah. I choose to ask
 Hannah.
“Hey Hannah,” I said. She was the best at taking notes.
“What?” she asked.
“I need you for the meeting today!” I said.
“I’ll be happy to do it!” she said.
“Great! Thanks!” I said.
She sat at the front of the room and began to write.
“Hi, my name is
 Michael. He will be the better choice because he knows all about the situation with Hannah and I.
"Michael, I want your opinion. Do you think I should ask Hannah on a date or do I need to just be patient and wait?" He is quiet for a moment. I know I have a point here.
"Well, if I were you I wouldn't. I would wait.
 Michael if he has anything for the meeting.
Michael is standing in front of the water fountain, drinking. It's been a while since I've seen him drinking water. I wonder why he decided to do that today.
He's still drinking.
It's been a good twenty-five seconds, but he still hasn't put his drink away. I don't know
 Michael, because he doesn't mind getting dressed in his work clothes. I'm sure that the office is going to be freezing. It's only January 2nd.
I walk into the office and ask, "Hey, Michael, can I see you for a second?"
Michael, in all of his glory, walks into the bathroom. He stands at the sink and says,
 Hannah to write down what she thinks Michael is thinking. Hannah is a bit shy about this and asks Michael what he wants her to write down. Michael says he wants her to write down that he is thinking he wants to kiss her. I say, I want to know what he was thinking that he wants to kiss her. He tells me I am being too picky. I am not too picky, I have
{'Hannah': 2, 'Michael': 3}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Hannah or Michael. I choose to ask
 Hannah because she is always late and Michael will never be on time for an appointment.
Hannah is late. “You are really late, Hannah, what happened?”
Hannah: “My car broke down on the way to the meeting.”
Michael is on time. “You are on time, Michael, what happened? Did you run into traffic or what?”
Michael: “I
 Michael, the most senior of the two.
The two of us are standing at the door to Hannah’s office. Michael is leaning back against the door jam and watching me intently as I ask my question. Hannah sits in her chair behind her desk, arms crossed over her chest. Hannah and Michael have been in the company since its start and have worked up from the bottom. Michael started working the floor
 Hannah. I’m not sure why. It’s a good thing because I get Hannah.
We meet in my kitchen. I’m wearing a long-sleeve T-shirt. It’s not cold, but it is early December. I don’t have to explain to Hannah that she is in the kitchen, which is where I’m always hanging out, because she gets that
 Hannah. It's not that she's any more qualified than Michael, but I'm trying to make Michael feel important. I'll just say "I think we need to talk about Michael's office meeting," and then he's going to think 'I'm important, they're talking about me,' and I'll be like "I'm just checking
 Hannah for help because she is a little older. I will ask her to help me with the meeting. I will give Hannah the task to be in charge of taking notes because Michael is the one who always does all the tasks that I ask him to do and he is very good at doing that.
Hannah: “I need to write down the time, place, and date when the meeting is going
{'Hannah': 4, 'Michael': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 him or her for the time off, and he or she says no because "I didn't know the meeting was on your birthday. I'm sorry."
And I'm thinking, "Well, I didn't know you didn't know it was my birthday. I'm sorry. I just had this cake made for you."

 for an extension.
He/She is not as bad as they say.
The boss is not as bad as they say.
I’m not as bad as they say.
The office is not as bad as they say.
I can’t do the things they say I should do.
They should have said this a long time ago.

 him or her to take notes. I don’t know why. I can’t be bothered to ask. Maybe because I can hear his voice in my head as a result of his voice coming out of the phone? He has the same name as one of the guys I had a thing for when I was younger. Maybe it is because he’s in his 
 the office manager. I can choose to ask the person who knows how to use a computer and has the best typing skills. I can choose to ask the person who seems the most likely to follow through. I can also choose to ask the person who is the least likely to follow through.
There is always a choice. I can choose to do something or to do nothing
 my mom, who is a former teacher and has an encyclopedic memory of all things.
“What should I wear?”
“A suit?”
“I’m in the office meeting. I wear business casual.”
I’m wearing my best black suit with a white button down shirt and black silk tie. I think it was the same outfit I wore when
{'him': 2}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 my wife for some help with our finances and she's not here.
I'm not going to do a long drawn-out post about why this happened. I have plenty of time to think about that. Instead, I'll try to be brief and move on.
I'm not feeling the best. This has been going on for a while and
 the question to the person with the highest number of points in the company.
In order to ask the question, I need to ask for a volunteer.
I am not going to ask the person with the least points. That seems unfair to me.
It also seems unfair to ask the person with the most points.
Therefore, I choose to ask the person with
 a question. I choose my own words to make my case. But the meeting is about them and I’m not in it, or not yet. I’ll wait. I’ve never been to the meeting before, but I will be a part of it eventually.
I choose a seat that’s not in the way.
They start talking. It
 her about the job.
" I am not going to meet anyone". " I really want to go outside with friends, " she continued. " You go out with the men. I really like hanging out with you. " You do not wish to go? " I inquired. She was staring into space while I continued to talk.
 her about that thing that she did that time, and I know she will be able to tell me all about it. I will also be able to ask my friend if they were able to get that one thing done.
I will be able to tell them that they did a great job and if they would like to do the same thing in the future. If they have
{'her': 2}

