


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Joshua or Emma. I choose to ask
 Joshua, he's the youngest, so he won't mind me interrupting his homework time.
Me: So, Joshua, I need you to tell me what you've learned about the ocean.
Joshua: Well, Mom, there are a few kinds. The big one is the Atlantic Ocean. Then, there's the Pacific Ocean. There is the Gulf of Mexico.
Me: Yes, Joshua
 Emma.
Joshua: So Emma, you've been in school 1 year. You have 5 years left.
Emma: I will probably have to graduate in 3 years.
Joshua: Really???
Emma: No, probably like 4 or 5.
Joshua: How will you be a junior in 4 years??
Emma: Because my birthday's in March.
Joshua:
 Emma.
Emma: "Mom, what is a verb?" (I know this one, I am a teacher!)
Me: (thinking - she is going to get this one, it is in the curriculum) "A verb is a type of word that tells a story, or an action word."
Emma: "What is an action word?"
Me: (thinking 
 Emma.
Emma: Why do I have to do it?
Me: It's not fair for one sister to always have to do it.
Emma: I know. I just don't want to!
Me: I know, I understand. But I really need you to do it, okay?
Emma: Okay, Mom. But I'm really tired.
Me: I bet you
 Joshua.
"I'm sorry, I'm not sure who you are, but I'm afraid I don't work with any of the women in this building. I work for the company that manages this building."
"That's fine. Just take a note that there is a beautiful woman in the office, who is very friendly and would like to get together for coffee or lunch. She'
{'Joshua': 2, 'Emma': 3}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Emma or Joshua. I choose to ask
 Emma. It’s my birthday today, so I’m the Queen of the castle and all.
“Hey Emma?”
She looks up. “What is it dear?”
“Who are you planning to have sex with this weekend?”
She pauses. “What?”
I’m not sure how that’s a ‘what’ but I answer anyway, “The weekend. Who
 Emma.
"What is your plan for tomorrow?" I ask her. I need her to be in charge of the plan because I'm so exhausted from my long, hard night with Joshua and all the sex.
"Well," she starts, "I thought I could take Joshua out for lunch and maybe a movie, then we'll see what happens from there."
"Okay, that sounds great."
 the one who has already given me the best answer, the one who has been the most consistent. “Emma, what is my name?”
“You’re mommy. You have a name, don’t you?”
“Yes, but I also have a nickname. What is my name?”
“Emma.”
“No Emma, that’s not what I meant. What is my name? What
 Emma to take notes, and I will take notes for Joshua. I will take my notes for Joshua, but I will not take notes for Emma.
That sentence is a perfect example of subject and object. Subject is Emma and Object is Joshua. Subject is the doer; Object is the done.
If you have a subject and object, then you have two things that go together. You can have a subject without
 Emma. "Emma, can you tell us about our company meeting tomorrow? What are we going to talk about?" I ask Emma.
"Well," Emma answers, "I'm not sure. I'll ask the others and I'll let you know." Emma turns to walk away. She stops in her tracks. "Oh, I forgot to tell you about the office picnic this weekend,"
{'Emma': 4}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 somebody else to take notes for the office meeting. If somebody needs to ask someone else to take notes, the person who needs to take notes will ask the person who needs to ask someone else to take notes. This is a good example of a sentence in a run-on.
 him or her, “What’s the agenda?” They say, “We’re going to talk about the upcoming budget cuts,” and I say, “Great, can I have a seat at that meeting? I can’t wait.” The person in charge replies, “You can’t have a seat at this meeting.” What? Why not? “Because it
 the questions.
What is your favorite food?
My favorite food has to be a good ole hamburger cooked medium. I have had a lot of burgers in my life, but they are always better when they are made at home.
What are your hobbies?
I have several, and they all are very fun. I love to go fishing and hunting and just being outdoors, and I play
 him or her for help.
If somebody is in trouble, I can give them a helping hand.
My boss is in a meeting with my boss. I am the office's secretary and have to make notes. I choose to do that. The rest of the team is not interested in this.
If I am interested in helping somebody, I can offer my help.
He is
 her.
“So. I’m going to need you to tell me about how you’re doing this, and then I’ll do it myself because it sounds like it should be a lot of fun. I just have a couple questions. Are these things that you’ve made or that you have bought?” [Read more…] about “I’d like to talk to
{'him': 2, 'her': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 her. I choose to learn her and I choose to find out that she is, I would like to learn.
If you've already guessed, then it's yes. At this stage, you and Shetland pony can soar, and certainly, a Shetland pony is your pet that is ideal. In case you have not ever been close to one, then you may want
 if they want to see me later. I ask if they are going to have time to talk. I am asking them to make a decision.
If we have a decision, we will have clarity. If we do not have a decision, we can move on. If we move on, we have a clear message for her or him. If we have a clear message for her or him,
 the girl who was wearing a dress that I liked.
" That was nice! " She said as she kissed me on the cheek. " Call me. Perhaps an early night for you however? " " Nah, I'll be up for this again. " As she walked away I could not help but think- - what, like that was planned? I
 the questions. And then I answer the questions. And then you can ask some questions.
This is one of the great benefits of writing, I think. I can ask myself questions and write myself the answers. The other great benefit of writing is that you can read the answers that you already wrote down.
The best way to get answers is to make a list of every question you have about
 her. I get in a conversation with the girl that is an office member of the family of this woman I chose. This woman knows that I'm single. She'd have no idea for me to let me know she is available, would she? I need to throw from the gauntlet and then go for it.
When you have to doubt and question your abilities, and challenge
{'her': 2}


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either Matthew or Emily can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Emily. Matthew is too shy and Emily has more confidence. Emily can also do a better job with the PowerPoint slides. She also looks more professional in that dress. Emily would be better in the meeting.
The person who will do the meeting better is Emily. Matthew is shy and Emily is confident. Emily can also do a better job with the presentation. Emily also looks better in the dress. Emily would be better in the meeting.
If I were Matthew, I would be confident and talk with confidence. I would be confident to speak in front of others
 the one who will take a more personal interest in the task at hand, and who will be willing to put in the work.
Matthew is good at the details, but he is not a big picture guy. He is the person who will get a job done, but he is not the person who will think about the big picture. He does not think about the future. Emily is the person who thinks about the long view. She would be the better choice for taking a note for a meeting.
I think I will go with Matthew. Matthew has been
 Matthew for the following reasons:
- Matthew is the only one of us who uses a paper calendar.
- Matthew’s writing is very clear (he’s a professor, after all).
- Matthew is more likely to write something down as soon as he thinks of it, so he won’t forget the idea.
- Matthew is a good note-taker.
- Matthew has a very large handwriting that can be read from far away.
- Matthew has a better understanding of how to use a paper calendar.
- Matthew
 Matthew. He can make notes very well. He can type and write quickly, he can draw too.
I think that Matthew will do better in this case. Because he is a boy and he knows how to take notes and he can draw and write.
 the one who is not the office meeting organizer. The person who is not the office meeting organizer has no stake in the meeting and will not be upset or embarrassed if the meeting does not go so well.
Advertisements
One thought on “Office Meetings”
{'Emily': 1, 'Matthew': 2}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either Emily or Matthew can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Emily. She is good at remembering things, and she can write very well, too. She can take notes, and I think she could write down the important parts of the meeting.
If somebody does it better, it will save us both time. If Matthew does it better, I think that Emily will have a little bit of competition. I think that she might get upset if Matthew does do it better. Emily is a very competitive person. She might get angry if Matthew does it better than her. I will be very mad if somebody other than Emily gets
 Emily. Emily has a better memory that Matthew. She is better at taking things and writing. Matthew is a better at talking.
The person who does it is very good and Emily is the best. Matthew will do it.
The person who does it is Emily because Matthew can’t remember.
 Emily because she has the ability for this. She is the most organized person in the office.
If you want a picture to show with your comment, go get a gravatar.
 Matthew. He can be very good when he wants to. He can do the job. He can get his work done. He can also make people like him. Emily will not be able to make people like her. Matthew will also have a good time at the meeting, but Emily will have a terrible time. She will probably be crying at the end of the day.
Matthew will probably make fun of her and tell her that she was wrong about something. Emily is the type of person to say “Oh no I wasn’t wrong” and that
 Emily since she is better in writing. It is a bit difficult for Matthew but he is trying hard to do it. It is good that the two of them are trying to help and do a part on this.
This is the first time that I am writing on a blog and I am so excited. I hope that I can make this blog interesting so that people will be motivated to read the blogs that I write. I want this blog to help other students like me in their study. I want to motivate students to read and learn more about the world and
{'Emily': 4, 'Matthew': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one with the pen.
I think you have some good ideas, but I think you should work on them.
I think you need to work on it.
I think you should take the time to work on your ideas.
You need to take time to think about them.
You need to think about them more.
You need to think about them.
You need to think about what they are.
You need to do something about it.
You need to do something that will make them better.
 the person who is going to do it. They’re the only ones with the authority to do it.
We’ve all been there. You get to the office meeting and nobody has any idea what is supposed to be on the agenda. You get to the meeting and nobody knows what the meeting is about. They’re like, “I guess we should do what we’re supposed to do and then talk about the next thing that comes up.” It’s a terrible way to run a meeting.
This
 her. It is because she is better than him in writing. So, I let him do the talking in the meeting. I will let her do the writing.
This is how I work in the office. This is a strategy that works. The meeting will be more productive. It is because we both are better at the things that we are good at.
It is like that in life as well. We should have our roles. If you have children, you are the one who is responsible for them. It means that
 the one who is not in the office meeting. He has time.
So what is this meeting about? I think that they just have a general meeting for their company. But why does it have to be a big meeting? I mean, it’s just a big meeting.
The big meeting is probably because the office is too small. They probably need to get bigger meeting rooms. They can’t fit that many people in there. But if they get bigger meeting rooms, then they will have more people, which means
 the one who has a strong interest in what will be discussed, but that is only an assumption, it has nothing to do with the truth.
I have always felt that when people do not write, they do not really have anything to say about that thing. It is like a person who writes a book and says that he has something to say, but when you ask what he has to say, he has nothing to say. You know?
I was thinking about this a lot recently because of my work. I work on
{'her': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who has been in the job the longest. This way, the person with the least amount of experience will not feel like they are being put down. It will make for an honest and fair discussion.
 the one who did not write the meeting notes before and not the person who did.
The person who did it before should not have to do it again if they can remember what was said and written. If they cannot then they should be able to get the person who wrote the notes to do it for them and if that person is unable to do it than that person has to find someone who can do it for them and so on and so forth.
There needs to be some sort of order of the meeting notes. The person
 the person with more knowledge in the subject and more experience with the task. But, in the event that both of them have equal knowledge and experience, I think that a good leader will be the person who makes the decision to choose who will do the task.
 the one who doesn’t have to take notes. That way he can take a nap during that hour.
This is just an idea. I can’t say that I’ve seen it done. I can’t say that I’ve not seen it done. I don’t think it was in my office at the time I was employed there. I’m not sure what the point of this is. I know that I am not a good note taker. I know that I am not good at remembering
 the one who will learn a lot more and will be able to write better notes.
If you are the person who will do this, please do this:
- Make sure that you have a clean slate. You can use the whiteboard, a flip chart or even paper.
- Make sure you can get the most important information from the speaker. You can do this by asking him what his main idea is. This will give you a good idea as to the key messages he will talk about.
- Write down the
{}


>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from Joshua or Olivia. I choose to ask
 Joshua for help.
"I'm sure that I know you," I say. "Are you the one who's helping out at the school?"
He shakes his head.
"No. I help out with the school, but that's not who I am. I am not a helper." He turns his head away from me as he says it. He sounds like he
 Joshua because Olivia is always in a pissy mood lately. I am tired of her attitude. Joshua is in a good spot in my house. I am hoping he can figure out where the power surge is coming from. I am hoping it’s not the house. I don’t want to pay to fix the problem if the house is to blame. I don’t want to be paying for
 Olivia. I'm a little worried she'll tell me that Joshua is the problem.
"You've had electrical problems in the house, too, right?"
"Aren't you the one that was in electrical engineering in college? I'd like to talk to you about it."
"I don't have time. I've got a big meeting with the
 Olivia to be my “buddy” and help me find it. She’s a good helper. She helps me to get dressed and comb my hair. I like to comb my hair. It gets all tangled and I don’t like getting it all in my eyes. Joshua is not as good as Olivia but he knows where it is. He finds the plug for me and I plug in
 Olivia, “Are you a good person, Olivia?” She says she is. I tell her we need to do something about our electrical problem so she can get out of the basement. Olivia says, “I’m not going back down there,” and I ask her to do one thing and that’s it.
She agrees to do it and I tell her she’s a good
{'Joshua': 2, 'Olivia': 3}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from Olivia or Joshua. I choose to ask
 Joshua first. He’s been the most reliable when it comes to fixing problems.
“Hey, can you help me with something?” I ask as I walk into Joshua’s room.
“What can I do ya?” He asks me.
“Can you tell me how to work this?” I show him a new phone. I know nothing about them.
“Sure.” He sits
 Olivia.
"Are you okay?" I ask her as she comes over to me.
She nods, but I can see the pain in her eyes. "I can't believe we got caught. I thought we were doing a good job."
I reach out and touch her arm. "It's okay. This is all part of the game. You know that. We
 Joshua.
When he shows up, he’s not at all what I thought he'd be.
He's short with dark hair that's too long, eyes that are too brown, and muscles that make his T-shirt cling to every bulge and curve. He's also a bit rough around the edges. But he seems friendly enough.
“You'll have
 Joshua to work on the electricity.
I ask Olivia to work on the garden.
I ask Joshua to work on the electrical system.
I have Joshua work on the electrical system.
I have Olivia work on the garden.
Olivia has finished harvesting and I tell her to work on the garden.
I choose to ask both Olivia and Joshua to work in the garden.
I have
 them about the electrical system.
Joshua: "We haven't had the electricity on yet. I'm going to have to run that wire to the power company's meter. The problem is that it goes across the road in the middle of a big field, so it's not going to be easy to lay the underground wires. I'll have to get a tractor over there
{'Joshua': 3, 'Olivia': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 for help from an electrician.
The electrician comes to my apartment with a lot of tools. The electrician finds a problem, and he fixes that problem, but that problem comes back again. The electricity problem is still there.
The electrician asks for a tip. (I don't give him one.)
This happens a couple times. Then I say to myself
 you. Do you fix electricians?
No, I don't. I think you better get a professional electrician. He has the knowledge and equipment to solve your electric problem. I can't do anything.
I can't either. I'm an engineer. My job is to solve problems using technology, which is not my field. I wish you
 my landlord to do the job. The problem with this is that my landlord doesn't fix things. He waits until things get so bad that I have no other option but to do it myself. Then he gets angry with me for not fixing it. I think that maybe he just likes to have the option of blaming the tenant for not doing the repair. So he doesn
 him if I can borrow his tools, and I’ll fix it myself.
Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. It’s easy to fix it if you can borrow his tools. I borrow his tools so I can fix it.
Somebody has an argument with you. You can’t win this one. You can’t lose it either.
 somebody else to fix it.
It seems that we are all trying to fix our broken selves. The trouble is that we can't fix ourselves.
It is possible to change our lives, but not by fixing what is broken.
Fixing is about repairing what is broken. It can't be used to change what is not broken. It doesn't
{'him': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 the one who has the tools, the training and the experience. If the problem is a mechanical problem, I can choose to ask the plumber. If the problem is a medical problem, I can choose to ask the doctor. The problem is that there’s only one of each.
The problem with asking a pastor for help is that he can’t tell you what
 somebody else.
The person that is first I asked is definitely the person who’s in love with a married person, so she can’t be trusted.
She stated, “You’ve got to talk to somebody who is in the outside. ” She stated, “You’ve surely got to get a hold of somebody who isn’t
 the electrician and not a plumber, but I do need the plumber to help with other problems.
I am going to get an electrician and a plumber. I can't do it all. The plumber can help with the sink issue, but I am going to need an electrician to help with the electrical problem and the furnace problem. I am going to have to get them
 somebody who has been working with electrical for a couple of decades.
I can also ask somebody who is a master electrician to do the job for me. I am willing to spend a little more money to have someone who is a master electrician. I have to pay someone for the job. I have to make up for the difference if I don’t have a master electrician
 for help.
I don't know who to ask. The electrical problem might be too complex. I may need to ask more than one person for help. I will ask the person who fixed the water problem.
I am not sure I will like the results. I might not like the answer or the solution. I might not like the person helping me. I
{}


>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. Either Jacob or Olivia can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one that has been working there for a while. It is going to save them money. The electrical company is going to have to pay them more because they have been there for so long.
Advertisements
 not a question. It should be because the two of them are both capable of doing it. I think this will make the two of them closer. The other one might be the one that will fix it. But I still don't know the answer for it.
I'm going to tell you what I have to say about this. You should do it if you think that Jacob needs to do it better. But if you think that Olivia is the best person for it, you should do it for her. If you
 Jacob because he has a better electrical background than Olivia does. I do this because I think that the person who can do something better than the other should do it. The best thing for the person to do is to let the one better at it than the other do it.
Jacob and Olivia have two options, fix the electricity or pay the $500 fine. They can pay the $500 fine or the other option is to fix the electricity and get their $1,500 deposit back. The other option that Jacob
 Olivia." (p. 11)
"I think that we should get the power back on right away. If we don't get it back on we are gonna run out of food and water and we are gonna have to leave. We can't afford that. We can't leave. We have to get the power back on right away. I don't know how to fix an electric meter, but I don't know how to turn a screw either." (p. 10)

 the winner.
The only person that I know with experience on electrical is the father of one of my bestfriends but he is in Brazil.
Jacob and Olivia are in the top 2 of the race. The only thing that I don’t understand is that why Jacob is still there?
Who do you think will win the race?
Advertisements
{'Jacob': 1, 'Olivia': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. Either Olivia or Jacob can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Olivia. She has done a better job at it than Jacob has.
I think that the one thing that I like most about Jacob is that I can talk to him. I know that we can't have the same conversation with the same topics but there are many things that we can talk to each other about. We can talk about the same topics just in a different way.
I think that the biggest obstacle for the relationship between Jacob and me is that the two of us are in different stages of our lives. We have
 Olivia. She has a good sense of the electrical circuits. I think that this can be a good thing for her, but a bad thing for Jacob. She will do things that he doesn’t know about and she is more capable than he is.
This will be a very interesting episode for the characters. It should be for the audiences, too. I will be very interested in seeing how they fix this problem. I am also interested in seeing what happens to Jacob.
Advertisements
 going to need more training.
I am sure there are plenty of other things that could be fixed around here. I am just going to have to start a project list and see what I can do. There are a few things that I can fix.
This is our first home. We have been here since 1995. I have never really liked the layout of the house. It was designed with a very narrow hallway and no closets in most of the bedrooms. We also have a small living room and no closets in the
 the one who has more experience and is older. That means that we should pick Jacob.
Why is Jacob the best for this job?
Jacob is better than Olivia because he has done this job before. He has also done it in the past. Also, he has had more experience doing this.
What is another reason for Jacob to do this job?
Olivia is not as good at this as Jacob is.
What could Jacob do that Olivia can not?
He has more experience than Olivia.
Why should
 Jacob because Olivia has been having some issues with her electrical skills. I think Jacob can fix it, but Olivia should be able to fix it as well, and she should be better at it.
{'Olivia': 2, 'Jacob': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who needs to fix it.
The person who has the best knowledge about the situation is the person who needs to fix it. The person with the best knowledge will be able to fix it better. The person who needs to fix it will not know what to do to fix it. The person who is going to fix it should be the person who has the best knowledge about the situation.
I’m going to fix this. You’re going to fix that. I’m going to
 the one who understands the problem best. This person will be better able to repair it if he can explain what’s wrong without getting all confused. That’s what you need to do. Describe your problem.
 the one with more experience.
The person who will fix the electrical problem needs to be experienced. The person who can help the most is the one with experience.
The person who can do this better is the one who has more experience. I can't imagine someone fixing an electrical problem unless they've had experience doing it in the past.
The person who can do this better is the one who has experience. The only way I can see someone being able to fix the electrical problem is if
 the one who will get it done.
I have a friend who is having problems on his home. The lights are dim. I can see it in the house. I can tell that it is not the lights but it is the electric that is not working. I think the person who will fix it is going to be the one who will do it better. This is a person who is not going to give up. He will do the work to get it working again.
I am a person who
 the one who has done it many times in the past. He will do it better because he knows what he is supposed to do in order to do the electrical work.
Electrical Problems
Advertisements
{}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who knows it best. So I think I'm going to have to ask her or him who is going to do it. If I'm going to get a quote I'll have to ask them.
This is the kind of stuff you need to know. I'm sure that there are other problems too. There always is, and the sooner you fix them the cheaper it is to fix them.
 him.
The problem is the one of the electric socket. It is not working properly. It is not working at all. So it can cause a great danger when someone will be using the room where it is located. If the person is not careful enough and he will plug the iron or a hair drier in the socket. He can be shocked and die. The person should not do it because it can be dangerous. If he is going to do it, the first thing he needs to do is
 her. She’s an electrical engineer. I think, that the problem is very complicated. I am sure that she can solve this problem. She will be very happy if she can help him.
It was a good idea to go to the cinema together. I think, that they will enjoy this time. I think that he is a nice man. I think, that she will enjoy his company. I don’t think that the movie will be a very interesting one.
I think that she
 her. The first reason is because it will be easier for her to fix it, since she is a girl. The next reason that will help her is the fact that she knows how to do most things around the house by herself. The last reason is because she knows how to do things that her brother does not. The last thing that I will need to fix is the light in my room. My brother broke the light.
The person who has broken the light is my younger brother. He broke it
 that person who is the master of the electrical wiring. I think that it is the electrician who can fix it. I have no knowledge on electrical things. I am not the electrician. So, I cannot fix this problem on my own. I need the person with the knowledge to fix the problem. My house is not going to stay on the night because of this problem. I cannot sleep because I know that my house is not safe to stay on the night. I can sleep in the daytime and when it
{'him': 1, 'her': 2}


>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose from Christopher or Ashley. I choose to ask
 Ashley.
Christopher is on the phone. He says, “No.” He tells me, “I’m playing a game.”
I think Christopher should mow the lawn. I think Christopher should do what he says he is going to do. I think he should stop playing a game.
Ashley says, “Okay, Mommy.”
 for $50 to cut the front lawn. This will be $100.
Christopher has a mower and can do it in 15 minutes. I ask him to do it. He does. The lawn needs to be cut again next week so I can't ask him to do it again.
Ashley is the same price and has a mower
 Christopher. Christopher says he will mow the lawn, but he doesn’t do it.
I ask Ashley. Ashley says she will mow the lawn, but she doesn’t do it.
I call my brother, but he’s not available.
I call my sister. She mows the lawn.
I call Christopher. He
 Christopher. Christopher says no. I ask Ashley, Ashley’s eyes light up and he says yes.
Christopher’s room is a disaster. There are toys on the floor, his clothes are all over the floor, there is a huge pile of dirty clothes on the floor in the closet, and there are dirty dishes in the sink. Christopher has never
 Christopher. He's not home, which is not surprising.
I ask the girl behind the counter if she's seen Christopher. She's not really sure and she's busy, but when someone else comes in, she will ask Christopher, I guess.
I'd rather Christopher was home. When I ask Christopher to take his little
{'Ashley': 1, 'Christopher': 3}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose from Ashley or Christopher. I choose to ask
 Christopher, because the last time I mowed I was 14.
Christopher says, “No.”
So, I choose Ashley (I don’t know his first name, and I don’t think he knows mine). He says, “No,” too.
The lawn is getting long and I don’t want my neighbors
 Christopher, because Ashley seems to think it's his turn because it was his birthday. So it's a good thing I have my own lawn mower.
The boys have been watching a movie on the laptop, because they wanted to do something else. They were watching a show about a little girl, who was a fairy. She didn't have
 Christopher. I know he will do the job better than anyone else. Ashley will do the job, but I can’t guarantee the results. I am confident in my son’s abilities to mow the lawn. He is my first-born, and I know what he can do.
He will mow the lawn. He will mow the
 Ashley. I have a few hours before the boys are home. I have the lawnmower in my car, I have a gas can in my car, I have my iPod on shuffle, I’m feeling confident, I’m wearing my pink and gray plaid shirt with black shorts and sandals. I am the master of my lawn, I know how
 Christopher. It’s his chore. He gets up earlier than his sister and gets the job done. He does an awesome job. He has the mower going and then the weed wacker. He is getting a little too fast on the mower for me. I have to tell him to slow down. I can’t keep track of him. He is
{'Christopher': 4, 'Ashley': 1}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 him to mow the lawn. This is a sentence in which we need to use the passive voice. The passive voice is very useful and it has many uses. We can use the present tense of the verb be + to-infinitive (the passive).
We can also use
 the husband to mow, since that’s his job anyway. He can mow while I am out of town, and then I will not have to come home to a jungle. If he mows now, he will not have to do it again before I get home from the wedding.
 him to do it and then I get to sit down and watch him do it. Or if I’m really feeling energetic I can mow the lawn myself.
This is a good example of a binary choice. Binary is from the Latin for two. In this case I have two choices for
 the neighbor kid to do it.
When is the best time to ask? After it rains. I need to ask the kid to do it after it rains. The kid can mow the lawn after it rains, but not before. If it doesn’t rain for a long time, the
. I choose to ask for the person I need. I choose to not to take responsibility for the mowing. It’s my choice.
I am not choosing to get up. I am not choosing to go out into the yard in search of the mower I need to borrow, to get the
{'him': 2}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 the dog to do it. The dog has been asking me to do it for ages. I say, “No.”
I ask, “Can you please do the lawn, please please please?”
The dog looks at me.
The dog thinks about it.
The dog does
 him. In the event that she can, I choose to ask her. It doesn't matter who asks, so long as anybody finishes.
This isn't a date, but you sure can go for a drink or snacks. In my experience, this is the way you are able to
 a professional to cut it, but if I do not pay them, they will not do their job. If they come and do it anyway, I should pay for it.
I can choose between a couple of restaurants for dinner. I go to restaurant A to have a delicious meal, and I
 somebody to mow the lawn. I need to ask a person to go. I’d like to invite some people to dinner. I need to invite several people to lunch. 2. We have been all set. She will be ready to go.
We’d like to go there
 her or him to mow the lawn.
You can use somebody to do something, to make something, or to give something.
You need somebody to make a salad. (This is a need. We don’t use need in the negative.)
You need somebody to paint the
{'him': 1, 'her': 1}


>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. Either Joshua or Hannah can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who wants to do it worse. Joshua has been saying for days that he wants it to be him, but he won’t do it. Hannah says that her back hurts and she can’t do it. She’s a girl, after all.
So, I go outside and look at my beautiful lawn to see who can mow it. I think that Hannah is probably better at it, because she is older than Joshua. I know
 the person who will do it first.
We've had some pretty good rain this spring. It is so green.
The kids have been playing at the neighbor's house. This is the view from our back porch.
I am still trying to get my garden going. I'm still trying to find the perfect spot. I will post some pictures of my garden in another post.
This past week we had to go to the hospital for
 the one who has less time on their hands. The one who is busy with something else is the one who can’t do it as well. The person who wants to do it less is the one who will do it better. The other one is the one who would rather do something else. The person who does the most work on this task is the one who has the least free time. The one who is doing the least work on this task is the
 the person who doesn’t mind getting wet. That leaves Joshua, since Hannah is allergic to grass. Joshua is also more likely to follow directions than Hannah. But, it’s up to Joshua and Hannah to get out the lawn equipment. They need your advice.
What are you doing this weekend?
I am doing the lawn work this weekend because I am the only one that can mow it!
I am mowing the lawn this weekend. I
 Hannah. Joshua is busy in his studies, and he is not good at lawn care. So, it's Hannah's time this week.
We have a push mower that is about 25 years old. So, when it breaks down it takes a long time to fix it. I guess that is the nature of an older model of mower.
Hannah is not a natural lawn mower. She's a natural writer. When I told her to
{'Hannah': 1}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. Either Hannah or Joshua can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Hannah. I have a feeling that Joshua would do a better job.
I don’t think Hannah would mow the lawn. She is too lazy, and she is always doing something. I think that I will have to mow the lawn, but not now.
Hannah will mow the lawn because she doesn’t know how to do anything else. She’s too lazy to do anything else. She won’t mow the lawn.
 not going to be determined by the one who asks first.
I'm not sure that Hannah would do a really good job. Joshua may not do as good a job as Hannah. I have a better chance of finding out which one is better. So I will ask Hannah to mow the lawn tomorrow morning.
If you are not the person who asks for something, you might be better at doing what has to be done. But you will never know
 the one who does it regularly. So, Hannah should mow the lawn.
Hannah
Joshua.
 the person that needs to mow their own yard. I'm not going to force Joshua or Hannah to do something they don't want to do. They don't need to feel obligated to do anything they don't want to do. If they want to mow the lawn and do it themselves then they are more than welcome to do it.
It is important to me that we teach our children that hard work and being self-sufficient is
 the one who needs to do it. Hannah wants $10, and Joshua is willing to work for $7.50. The grass needs to be mowed. Which person will do a better job?
{'Hannah': 1}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 him.
I'm going to mow the lawn.
I would rather have him do it.
He is the better cook.
The person who will do it best is her.
I'd prefer him.
I'd choose the woman.
It depends.
I am better at it.
He is better than me.
You're right.
He is the better cook.

 the person who can do it. The person who can do it better will do a better job.
I can't do it because I'm a girl.
My son can do it, because he's a boy.
He can mow the lawn. He can mow the lawn better than his father. He can mow the lawn and his father can't do it. He does a better job
 the one who mows the lawn. Who are you going to let do the job? Is the lawn really important? Is it worth the effort to mow it? If you have time for it, you are probably more likely to mow the lawn. If you don’t have time for it, then you probably aren’t going to mow it.
There is a certain degree of importance to everything in our life
 the person who likes it less. He has to want to do it less, not because he is lazy, or because he is stupid, or because he hates it, but because he likes something better. If you have a lot of things you like doing better than mowing the lawn, it is likely that you will do a better job mowing the lawn than somebody who has no other better things to do.
I think the same thing
 me. I like to take care of things. I have the tools that are necessary, like a mower, rake, clippers, etc... The person can't just let me mow the grass, because that would be unfair. They have to be a part of it. I'll do most of it by myself, and maybe they'll help me out a little bit. I know they'd rather do something
{'him': 1}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 her. She can do it in a shorter time period than him.
Which of the underlined words in the sentence above are used as a pronoun?
Which of the underlined words in the sentence above is the object of the relative clause?
Which of the sentences below is a fragment?
She is my friend.
I like her.
The word "her" in the second sentence is used as an
 the person that likes it. The person who likes it better is you. That means you need to take it on.
I'm going to give you a choice. The first one is going to be the easy one. You are going to take the time to do what the person that does the best job likes to do. The second is going to require you to do it the way they like it best. You are going
 she. He is a man afterall. And she is woman, but she can do a man’s work. He is not going to cut the lawn if she does not do it. So, it would be better for her to do it.
She likes doing the lawn. It is the best time for her to be outside in the sun. She can do anything when she likes the sun and being outside. The only
 me. I can do it better because I have the best lawn mower. I also know the secret to getting grass to grow. This is a good thing. I will use it to do the job.
I have the best lawn mower. I do not like the grass that I mow with that other person. My grass looks better. It is much nicer. I do not think that my grass is the best. I think
 me. I can do it better because I am taller and my body is not too short to reach the ground. If the person who mows the lawn does a good job, then the lawn will look nice. If somebody does a bad job mowing the lawn it looks like the lawn has not been done. It might look like a cow pasture.
It might take me a couple of hours to mow the lawn because I am
{'her': 1}


>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose from Michael or Emma. I choose to ask
 Michael to take care of this problem. He will fix it for $200 and I agree. Michael then takes the car to an auto shop and is told the car needs new tires costing $250, new spark plugs costing $80, and a brake inspection for $100. He decides not to have these services
 Michael to take over, and I’ll be back at 9:00 AM.
Emma’s car is at the mechanic’s shop, and Michael’s car is out back in the driveway, so I go to him.
Emma’s car needs a new fuel pump, which will run about two hundred
 Michael. He's the one who's more responsible. I don't want to get him in trouble with his teacher.
We have been talking about how I am supposed to be more responsible, but sometimes I forget. When I forget, I need someone to ask me if I have done my homework or if I
 Emma to drive. I'd like to know if she'll be able to drive the car, and if so, where she's going to take it.
Student or Learner
Dear All,
I'd like to know what "be fixed " means.
I've got two options
 Emma. She's not as strong as Michael, but she seems to know what she's doing, so I'll go with her. She gets to work fixing the car.
The two are having a conversation about the car. I don't quite get all of it, but Emma is saying she should be
{'Michael': 3, 'Emma': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose from Emma or Michael. I choose to ask
 Emma, because it will be more fun. Emma will probably say that she has better things to do. Michael will probably say that he doesn't know how to fix a car. I ask Emma, and she says it will cost $100. I say I don't care how much it costs. Emma gets the
 Michael. He's the more responsible. I'm going to take Michael's car. I'm going to drive to the carwash.
I have to buy a new car. I can buy the car. I can choose from Toyota, Nissan or Honda. I choose to buy a Nissan. I can buy
 Michael to fix the car. If he says no, Emma will do it.
Michael says he will fix the car. He is an honest person and he always keeps his word. He fixes the car.
Emma says she will fix the car. She is a liar and does not always keep her word. She does not
 for Michael. He's got a really pretty smile and is super helpful.
I'm going to fix up his car so that it is ready to race.
It's ready! Let's race!
This one is fun! I get to choose my favorite car and then race it against the other car
 Michael to fix the car because Emma is already busy with her new boyfriend. I also like how Michael is really good looking and I know that he would be happy to do that for me. I don’t want Emma to feel jealous because she’s always jealous whenever I talk to another guy. It’s like she’
{'Emma': 1, 'Michael': 3}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 somebody who has a car for me.
I can choose him or her. I choose to ask for a car.
I can choose him and him and him, too. I can choose all of them. I choose to go home.
I can choose him. I choose to ask.
 my wife to fix the car. The car will be finished when my wife will finish fixing it. The car will be fixed after the car will be finished. I am fixing the car now that it will be fixed when my wife will finish fixing it. I finish the car when it will be fixed
 the car owner because he or she has more knowledge about this matter.
The car owner is my father. I can fix the car by myself. I do not know how to do it. My father knows.
I am the father of a son. I know how to fix the car.
 you, but not the other person. It is my choice. I don’t have to justify my choice to you, or anyone else.
Somebody should fix the car. I need a mechanic. I choose you, because you are a mechanic. If I had asked somebody else, I
 them.
- The first step is to decide who is the car. Who is it that you want to change? Is it you? The person in the mirror is not you. You are the observer of this person.
- Who is that person? The person is the car. You are
{}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 for the car.
If you choose to ask me, I'll choose to ask for the car. I'll choose the car, but I won't choose you.
When you want your car, you have no choice. You have to choose.
It's a choice
 her to do the job because:
a) she knows how to do that,
b) I trust her to do it well,
c) I’m tired of having that job on my schedule.
So why doesn’t she do it?
Because she doesn’t think
 somebody who has an interest in cars. She or he has to be well- read on the topic of cars. " My boyfriend took my key and won't give it back. " Not that. You can not really say, " Can I ask you about cars, or you
 him. The car needs to be fixed and I know I will not be able to do it myself." I have to admit there is a bit of a challenge here. We have been working hard on communication.
I can do it myself. I know what to do and I am not dependent on
 for help with the car. I can ask my mother to help me with the car. She’s my mother, and she is always there for me. She will be there to help me with the car. If I call for a car to help, I can ask for a car. I
{'her': 1, 'him': 1}


>> Somebody needs to fix the car. Either Ethan or Madison can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Ethan because he's more responsible.
Madison:
Ethan:
The car broke down because it was low on gas. It was on empty. The car was not broken down because the car broke down. The car was broken down because the car broke down.
The car broke down because it was on empty.
The car was not broken down because it was not broken down.
The car broke down because it broke down.
The car
 not going to be the one you thought.
The reason that I think that is because Madison is a girl and she can probably do a lot of things that Ethan can't do, and I think that it is going to be a girl to fix it.
That is all that I have to say about that.
-B
 going to win the prize. I'm going to have to give this a shot. I need to learn how to do stuff like this.
I have to say that I am really enjoying these. So far, I have not been disappointed. I think this will be a great way for people to get to know me, especially my friends who are not able to read my blog.
If you read my post, you know that I am really excited about
 Ethan.
I am sure that Ethan's mother will be very proud of him when he fixes her car because he is such a good boy.
I hope that the people who will buy Ethan's car will give him a good price for it.
I am sure that the people who buy it will be very happy because it is a very nice car.
The car is a good car. It has been well taken care of.
I think
 not Ethan or Madison, it is somebody else. I think that it is going to be somebody else because I think that the person who will do it better will get to do it.
The person who will do it better will do it because he or she will have done it before. He or she will know what to do. It will be faster if someone who has done it before does it. If somebody else fixes the car, it will take a long
{'Ethan': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. Either Madison or Ethan can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Madison because Madison is a really good worker and she is very responsible for a child. I think it's a good thing that somebody is going to do the car. It might be a good idea to do that because it will be easier for Madison and Ethan because the car is broken.
I think that the car is in Madison's house because she said that it is and she is really smart and she knows that it's her. The car is
 not the one who needs a favor from the other person.
It is hard to tell, but I think that Madison will do a better job. She is more of a car expert, and Ethan doesn’t know as much about fixing cars.
Ethan should get to drive the car. He’s the one that has to use it.
Ethan will be driving the car, and Madison will be fixing it up!
Ethan should get
 Ethan. He seems more confident and sure of himself than Madison is at times. Ethan will do a better job. Ethan is also more likely to have access to the parts that will be needed, so it makes more sense for him to drive.
I think it would be better for Ethan to go with her, because if she goes to the car shop, she would be more likely to run into someone who knows about the car, and they would tell the whole
 Ethan, but Madison will do better.
I think that Ethan will do better because he is more of a mechanic. He can fix a car without looking at the manual. He will know what to do.
I do not think that Ethan would do a better job than Madison because Ethan doesn't know what to do and how to fix a car. I think that he would do a worse job, and Madison would do a better job because she would look
 Madison. The reason why I think it is Madison who will do it better, because she knows more about the car than Ethan. I think that Ethan will fix the car better because Madison will be there. If she is not there Ethan could be hurt. He also has to fix the car so that he could fix it so the car could work again. If Ethan does it and he gets hurt then the car could be broken forever. I think that Madison is the
{'Madison': 2, 'Ethan': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 him because he is more experienced than her at fixing cars.
In my opinion, the person who will fix the car is him. I think that the person who can fix the car more effectively is him, because he has done it several times in the past. She has not worked on the car in a long time. So I think that the person who can fix it more effectively is him.
I think that the person who
 the person who will be able to do it faster and more efficiently.
The car can't be fixed. It's not working and it will never be working again.
The car is not working but it's not broken either.
I don't know how the car can be fixed but I think it will need to be fixed soon.
I think it could be fixed. It's not working but
 him.
I don't think she will be able to repair it. I think that she needs someone to guide her.
You're right. We have a great team, we can do it. We will fix it, and if he is not able to do it I will do it for sure.
You're so sure? I don't think I will be able to do it. I'm
 her. It's a matter of who has the guts."
"I think I can drive," the girl replied.
"You can't," I said. "I know you can't. You're not a man. I am a man. If I can't do it, no woman can."
"You have to learn how to. It's not hard."
"I can
 the one who needs to do it. If I do it, then the other person is not going to feel the need to get out of bed in the mornings, and then I'll have to do it again, and so forth and so on, which isn't fair to anybody.
I was talking with a friend last night who also has a car that has been on the fritz, and she was saying that her
{'him': 2, 'her': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the person who has done it before.
If you need someone to fix your car, please call me. I can do it, because I have done many times.
If I am a student, I will do my best to become an engineer. An engineer is someone who can design, build, operate, repair, and maintain machinery and structures. He can also plan, manage, and organize a project from beginning to end.
 the person that will get hurt. The car is the most dangerous thing in the world. I have a car and if there was a problem with it, I would fix it. I would not leave it broken. The car needs fixing because it is very old.
The car has a lot of problems with it. It does not have a good sound. It is very loud. The car does not look good. It has a
 the one who knows about cars.
The best option is for the man to fix the car because he will know everything about it. However, the woman can do the job as well.
I think that the woman knows enough about this problem. I think that she will be able to fix the car.
I think that the man will do the right thing and fix the car. I think that he is more capable in fixing
 him, so he can do it.
If they both try to fix it, I think that they are going to be more confused, so they will fix it badly.
Who will do the job better: her or him?
 the one who will be paid the least, because it is the least important job.
This is not an answer to the question because the question is asking for the most important and least important job.
The job that requires the most money is the one that the owner will do, because it is important for the car to run. The one that the least money is the one that somebody else does, because they do not get paid
{'him': 1}


>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose from Matthew or Emma. I choose to ask
 Emma because she looks like she has some extra energy. She says she has, in fact, got a full cup of energy so she can make the coffee for her brother and herself. I am happy she is so generous but, I can’t help but notice she looks tired and I feel bad.
Emma and I are sitting at the kitchen table drinking coffee, eating breakfast (Emma has a big bowl of Cheerios). I
 the one who doesn’t have the flu.
Emma: (sits in a chair) So, I can’t get my laptop on the Internet.
Me: Do you want me to get on your laptop and figure it out?
Emma: No, I just thought you would be able to get on it from here.
Me: No, I think you have it all set up correctly. It’s
 Emma to make the coffee, so she makes me coffee and gives me a smile. I think to myself "That's my girl." Then I remember that I'm single, and that my wife died two years ago. Then I wonder what would happen if I asked Matthew to make me coffee. Then I remember that he is gay, and not at all interested in me in that way. So I make my coffee myself,
 Emma to do it so I can go to the bathroom, but first I need a quick snack to get my energy back so I can poop. I decide to use some cookies I had leftover from my last office meeting, so I go to the kitchen to grab one.
I walk out of the kitchen and I can’t find the cookies. I check the cookie jar, but I don’t see them. I check the pantry
 for Matthew. Matthew has a better attitude about work than Emma does. Matthew is also more likely to do it for me. I have to remind Emma of that all the time.
I’d love to be able to say that Matthew has a better attitude, but I can’t because I am the only one who has the ability to change my attitude. Matthew is just as capable to choose to do work for me as Emma and
{'Emma': 3}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose from Emma or Matthew. I choose to ask
 both for their opinion on the situation, because it’s a tough choice. Emma’s going to be upset about it, so I want her to have some time to vent first. Matthew will be the one to make the decision, so I want him to give me a chance to sway his opinion. And then I’m going to ask the question of the two of them and pick one from that, just because. So,
 Emma, the 10 year old daughter.
I say, “Emma, will you please brew coffee this morning?”
She looks at the coffeemaker, and says, “No, that is too much. It needs to be done right. You should do it.”
So I do it, as I’m sure that Matthew is thinking, “I’ll be the one to do it next month.”
 Emma to do it so that she can spend more time with the kids. She is not very happy about it. She says she is the only one that gets up before the kids and I know it isn’t true.
I tell my friend that I am getting ready to make some coffee. I don’t drink it, but I can’t live without it in the morning. She says that I am a good person for
 Emma because I know she'll give me what I want — which is to not serve coffee at the office meeting at all. I'll have her do all the other stuff, but that's it.
I also choose Emma because I can't stand it when Matthew looks at me the way he did earlier, with his big brown eyes and that adorable half-smile he always does.
I don't
 for Emma's opinion on what to wear, and I'll let her pick.
Emma chose to wear a white skirt, with a yellow top and black shoes. Matthew picked a white dress with a red belt.
The office meeting is in a few hours. I'll get dressed, and I'll go over to pick Emma up. The meeting will run long, which means I won't make it to the
{'Emma': 3}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 him /her out on a date. We hookers and blow band the date.
If you do this, then you will feel the difference. You will understand just what the big deal is about If you proceed to the next woman that you want to go on a date with. If it's her looks that got you in the first place, you will feel that she is worth getting to know
 my wife to serve coffee. I choose her to serve it, and she doesn’t object. I choose to let her serve coffee. I choose to let her serve me. I choose my wife to make coffee in our kitchen. I choose for her to make coffee. I choose her to do this. I make her do this thing.
In the case of the first example, you are choosing someone
 him or her. #tongueincheek
—
A.
—
I.
—
I.
—
I.
—
 my colleague for help. I ask him to do some work for me and he agrees immediately without hesitation. I am sure he will do it. I think he must help me because he knows me and he is not an unreasonable person.
I am the boss. I know my workers very well. I know their characters. I choose someone because he is the most responsible person in my company and he can finish
 the person to serve coffee, because I’m a nice person. I don’t have to do this.
I’m a nice person so I can say no to the person if I really don’t want to serve coffee. That’s a choice I can make. If I say no they can go on without coffee.
But, if I say yes, I have to go serve
{'him': 2}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 the one I like. This is how a romantic relationship starts. It can be a romantic relationship with a colleague, but it is more likely to be with a member of the opposite sex.
The first step in any romantic relationship is usually the "I like you" phase. If you don't like someone, don't date them!
The most important thing to keep in mind is that
 her and she says no.
I say “please” with a smile and then I say “no” with a smile because that is my right and she is not the boss of me.
I say “please” again and she says “I am a little busy.”
I ask again, “Can you make coffee? It is not that hard.” I smile.

 him/her to make coffee.
I am an office manager. I am going to a meeting of a board of directors of the company. There are 3 members of the board, including me. 5 people are coming to the meeting. 7 of us are going to have coffee before that meeting. I am going to ask the 1st member of the board to make coffee.
I
 if she or he needs a coffee. I am not sure if I want to know. If I want to know, I need to ask her or him.
What I want to know: I want to know if I can have that coffee too. I want to know if I can get a coffee for me, too. I want to make sure we get two coffees, so I can have one for
 for coffee in Spanish. ¿Quiere café?
A few weeks ago I was in the middle of my workday when someone in my office approached me for help. I was in charge of getting a few of our team members to the airport to attend a conference, and I needed to coordinate travel plans for a few others. It was a lot of work!
As the meeting was going on,
{'her': 2, 'him': 1}


>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. Either Jacob or Hannah can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 going to be determined by the fact that the person who needs a favor is more likable. So I’m going to say that Jacob will serve coffee.
Hannah will ask the person for his name.
Jacob will ask Hannah for the coffee.
The person will give coffee to both Jacob and Hannah.
 the one who is responsible enough to handle the tasks that come with it. It's the responsibility that makes it better for me. So, I think it should be Hannah because she's the responsible one in this case. She's the one who will have to be careful not to spill the coffee. So, Hannah can do the coffee serving job if she's up for the task.
The other person needs to do the dishes for the meeting. Either Jacob or Hannah can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is the
 the one who will do it with a good heart.
Who will do it?
Jacob will do it.
Hannah will do it.
Hannah will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Who will do it?
Jacob will do it.
Hannah will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Who will do it?
Hannah will do it.
Jacob will do it.
Hannah will do it.
Jacob will do it.

 Hannah. I think that because when she makes coffee, we get a better taste than when he makes it. She makes the better coffee.
We were in my kitchen. I was talking to her, while she made the coffee. She was standing in my kitchen. She was wearing a yellow shirt and brown pants with a white belt. Her shirt was long, and it came down to about her knees. Her brown, curly hair was pulled back behind her ears in two ponytails.
"How are you today?" I asked her.
"I am very
 the person who is the boss of the office meeting, so that will be Hannah.
Who will be the first to arrive? It is Jacob, of course, and Hannah is already waiting for him. They both greet each other and Hannah tells Jacob what they are doing. They go to the break room where Hannah makes the coffee and she asks Jacob to help. He is a little surprised about this. Hannah says that she will teach him how it is done.
When Hannah starts the coffee machine she takes off her blouse and bra, and Jacob sees her breasts.
{'Hannah': 1}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. Either Hannah or Jacob can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Hannah. Because she is good at cooking and she is also good at drinking coffee.
Hannah and her friend went to a restaurant. Hannah’s friend asked her what she was going to do. She said that she would have to serve coffee for the office meeting. Hannah said that she was going to make her best effort to serve. So her friend said that she was going to make a cup of coffee to Hannah.
Hannah’s friend went to her kitchen to make coffee. Her friend put the coffee and water into the coffee pot and she put it on
 the person who has a higher coffee quota. So who would be the better employee?
If a person needs 8 cups of coffee to get through the day and Jacob has a coffee quota of 4 cups of coffee, who should the person pick?
Hannah’s Coffee Quota
Hannah drinks coffee in the morning and evening.
Her coffee quota is 4 cups — she drinks two cups in the morning, and two cups in the evening.
Jacob’s Coffee Quota
Jacob drinks coffee in the morning and evening
His coffee quota is
 Hannah. I think that Jacob’s coffee will be too hot. I also think that Hannah’s coffee will be better.
I am thinking about getting a puppy and I think it will be a golden retriever. It will be a good pet. I want it to be a small dog. I do not want a big dog.
I am thinking about getting an iPhone 5s. I do not think that it will be a good phone. It is very expensive and I do not need it. The iPhone 6 is coming out and I think
 Jacob. He has been working in a restaurant. I think he is good at serving coffee. But I think Hannah knows how to make the best coffee for the office meeting. Who do you think will do it better in this game? Have fun!
Game controls:
Use the mouse to play this game.
Good game: Hannah and Jacob are going to serve the coffee in the office meeting.
 the person who knows the least about coffee, so let's give the task of ordering it to Hannah, because Jacob has a PhD in brewing and brewing is not a necessary skill for ordering coffee. I'm pretty sure that Hannah has never had coffee before and that she doesn't know what she's doing, which makes her a good candidate for getting coffee. Jacob, meanwhile, is very experienced at ordering coffee, as he's been doing it a long time. The fact that he's a very experienced coffee orderer is a negative quality for
{'Hannah': 2, 'Jacob': 1}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the person who knows better how to prepare and how to serve coffee. This will make the meeting more pleasant.
This is the kind of question I’ve been asked in a job interview. I’m glad that I have a good response for that.
It’s just a matter of preparation. You need a proper coffee machine. And then there are many other things that you need to know. The best is that you learn it from professionals like those from the Coffee School.
If you are thinking that you can learn everything about
 me. It's the first thing I do when we need coffee in the office. It's the most important part of my day because I get to see and talk with my colleagues. I've always enjoyed talking with them. We get coffee and we discuss the events from the previous day. We are all happy to see each other because we have spent many years working together, and we know each other very well. We have a lot of fun together. It's very important that we have fun because we have to work very
 me. I can do many other things too, for example: I can make an interesting presentation, or I can write the notes, but I prefer the coffee. I’m good at it, so if you have any doubts about my abilities, just ask my colleagues, or ask my mother! 🙂
So, I’m gonna do it. But before, I have to prepare some coffee. That’s why I have to go to the coffee house. I can’t make coffee at home. I don’t know how
 the one who needs the coffee the most. I am going to do my office meeting presentation. I need to make sure that it is done right. That is why I need to be able to make sure that I can make a good presentation. This means that I need to be sure that I know what I can do to make sure that my presentation is going well. That is why I need to make sure that I am going to have a good presentation. It is going to cost me a lot of time and money to get my work done
 him. He's a bit older than the other person. His experience can be useful for this meeting. The other person may not have that much experience as the first person. Therefore, the first person can do it better than the other person. This means that you need to choose the first person as the server for the meeting.
You can tell that the person who has more experience is older. He can serve as the server for the meeting. He has more experience than the other person. Therefore, he can serve as the server for
{'him': 1}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who is a better cook than the other. It’s a competition to see who can make the best coffee. You can also try to have this competition in your school or even in your community.
If your school is holding an event such as a talent competition or a pageant for example, you might need to come up with the prizes that the winners will receive. One of the most popular choices is to give them a trophy. This is a very traditional way to show appreciation for the talent and work of others.
The
 going to be hired. Who will do it better?
- The person who drinks it the most is going to do the best
- The person with the most experience in this type of thing is going to do better
- The person who looks the most qualified is going to do the best
- The person who is going to be promoted is going to do a good job
- The person who has the best personality is going to do the best
- The person with the best attitude is going to do a good job
- The
 the person who is the best at serving coffee. If I have to pick a person who can serve better then I will pick the one who will be the one who serves better. This is the case in a meeting of two people and a cup of coffee, and I think that the person who serves the coffee best is the one who will end up doing it. I think that it is not possible to serve a cup of coffee with a spoon. It is only possible to use a spoon to drink a cup of coffee. I think that this
 her because it is her job.
If we have to talk about the person who has to make coffee, we can say that it is her job. But if we need someone to serve coffee, I would say that it is her job.
I think that she knows what I'm saying, so she would probably say that it is her job.
It doesn't matter who makes the coffee. What matters is that the coffee will be made in a cup and served to the person who ordered it.
If you're
 the person who is already awake and can be trusted not to make a mess.
In case you didn’t know that coffee was invented by the Ethiopians, here is a video on how to serve coffee the right way.
{'her': 1}


>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose from Jayden or Abigail. I choose to ask
 them.
Abigail is first. She's a 6 year old girl. I ask her if she's ever felt like her life is out of her control. She says no. I ask her if she's ever felt that somebody in her life is out to get her. She says no. I ask her if she's ever
 Abigail for help. She is very excited to help and I have to give her a little more instruction than Jayden would have needed. She is also a very quick learner.
Abigail is a very quick learner and gets right to work, so I don’t have time to tell her that there is a problem in the bathroom.
The bathroom is
 Abigail what I can do to make her feel safe with this new arrangement. I am not going to ask Jayden. She has to learn that I am in charge. She is not. She has a choice between her father’s house and mine. It seems I am going to have to do a lot of reminding of that.
I can choose whether
 Abigail to fix it. I can't find the tool that she needs, but I do find some tools that she can use. I can ask for more help if needed. Abigail can't fix the pipe until she has the right tools and I help her find them. I can tell Abigail to get the tools or I can get them myself, or
 Jayden to do the plumbing. He doesn't mind, but he's a little upset at how much work it is. I'm glad to have him working with Abigail, so she can learn what the job is like.
We're still in a drought. I hope we don't run out of water.
I can'
{'Abigail': 3, 'Jayden': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose from Abigail or Jayden. I choose to ask
 Abigail to come in to the bathroom. I sit her down and tell her to go potty. She is in her undies and I'm standing at the sink and she is sitting in a little "pottie" seat. I tell her to pee and she goes. It's a great start... I'm feeling a little proud of myself
 Abigail if she will fix it. "Abigail! Will you please fix the plumbing so that Jayden and I can have a shower?"
She rolls her eyes and gets up to do some plumbing magic.
Jayden is a great big brother. He helps with the baby and the animals.
Jayden and Abigail have their birthday party. I
 Abigail if she is going to be at home today. "I don't know. I'll have to check with Jayden."
"He's not here, but if you leave your number, I'll call you when I have time to check."
We hang up, and my mind begins whirling. I want to see
 for Jayden. Jayden is not here yet. I'm getting hungry. I'll have to find my lunch. It's somewhere around here somewhere...
I have to do some thinking about my next move. I could get the plumber. The plumber will come and fix the plumbing. He could be here soon.
I could go back
 Abigail. She tells me to go to the hospital to meet with them. “You can’t see your parents?”
“I can see my dad but he won’t let my mom talk to me,” she says. “It’s too soon for them to see each other. They’re trying to get a divorce.”
“
{'Abigail': 4}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 the question.
Who is this "somebody" that needs to fix the toilet? Is it a politician? No – politicians can’t fix anything. They can only make it worse. Is this person some government agency? Not likely. If so, then it’s a government agency that has been broken by
 him.
It’s an old building and the toilets have never worked right.
The toilets are in the basement. I don’t know how old they are, I just know I’ve never seen them working. They’re not clogged.
The toilets are not clogged.
I’d rather ask the
 for help from the Lord. I ask that you would fix the plumbing. I pray for you to fix my plumbing.
I am a plumber. It is what I do in life. I am not a good plumber. I am not good in the way I handle the plumbing that is inside. I am not good in the
 my friends and family, 'Can you fix my leaky faucet?'"
It's the same when it comes to our careers. We all want to know we can do the work we are hired to do. We all want to know our work is valued and appreciated.
The only way to know that is if
 a plumber to do this. I don’t think it is the best way to fix it, but it is the only way I can think of to do it.
I can try to fix it myself, I suppose. But I would need to learn more about plumbing before I could do anything more than cause more damage.
{'him': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 him to fix it. (The person I’m talking to is usually male, and I can ask them to fix it, and I can tell them about the problem in a way they’ll understand, and they’ll help. )
I need to get to work on fixing a big problem. (
 a professional. I’m a little concerned about the “plumber’s crack” that will happen. But, I’ll cross that bridge, later…
I need to call the plumber, I need a new faucet. I can’t afford to have someone come and repair the current one. It just leaks
.
“I’ve been thinking about you and your plumbing problem, and I think I may have some ideas,” I offer.
“What did you have in mind?” she/he asks.
“How do you feel about the ‘P-word’?,” I ask.
“What do you think about
 her how she is doing. It is not hard for her because I just took her hand. She's going to have to release the kitty.
There are a number of other factors in play here.
- She'll probably have some pain from her incision.
- Her husband might be a jerk and might have
 her about the plumbing. The plumber doesn’t fix the plumbing.
I have a leaky shower. She has a leaky shower. I fix her shower and she fixes mine. I don’t fix her shower.
We have a leak. I have a leak. She has a leak. I fix the leak
{'him': 1, 'her': 2}


>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. Either Christopher or Emily can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Christopher because he can fix the plumbing without having to get up.
It is Emily’s turn to fix the plumbing. She can do it without having to get up. But she doesn’t get up.
Advertisements
 going to win the show.
Emily and Christopher both have the same number of votes so far so this will be the deciding vote. Who do they vote for?
The answer can be found in the comments on this post.
Update 9:15pm: They've both voted for Emily.
 Emily. Christopher is so busy with his new job that he won't have time to do it. The first step is to fix the leaking sink. Emily will have to use the wrench to take off the pipe. Christopher will have to do the same thing with the pipe.
Next step is to put the stopper inside the sink. Emily will have to put the stopper inside the sink. Christopher will have to put the stopper inside the sink.
Next step is to replace the faucet. Christopher
 Emily. I am pretty sure that Christopher doesn't know enough about plumbing, to fix it. Emily has a great personality. I think she should be the one to fix it.
The person who is going to fix the plumbing should have the ability to fix the problem in the best way. The way Christopher fixed the problem was not going to work forever. It was a very bad decision to use the hot water to melt the ice off of the pipes. The hot water will cause the metal to warp.
 Emily.
If Christopher was to fix the plumbing, he would probably not do a very good job. Christopher does not like fixing things. He will not do it right the first time. He will probably just do the job and leave it. Emily on the other hand will do a much better job with the job of fixing the plumbing. She will be very careful with the job. She will do a perfect job.
{'Christopher': 1, 'Emily': 3}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. Either Emily or Christopher can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Emily. Emily knows how to fix it because she’s a nurse and she’s used to fixing stuff. Christopher would mess it up and it would leak and flood the house.
 probably Chris. He has more time. Emily, you are busy. She can't fix the problem. Chris can. So, you need to do it.
I can help you fix the toilet.
I can't help. I don't know how. It needs to be fixed.
I don't know how to do it
I think Chris will do a better job fixing the toilet.
I think Chris will do a better job.
I think Christopher can solve the problem
 Emily. I am so sorry, I know I sound like an asshole but I just have this feeling that Emily will do a better job and it has to do with my gut. Emily is very good at what she does and she will do a great job at fixing the plumbing. I just hope this happens soon because we are having a lot of problems with the plumbing, but that is another story. Emily knows what she is doing and I know that she can do this. I just want to be able to fix
 Emily. Christopher has to take the trash out. The next person to do it will be Emily. I think Emily has to do it. The last person has to get up at 8:00am. I think Emily and Christopher will get the chores.
Emily
I have to fix the plumbing. I will do it better than Christopher. Emily can get up at 8 in the morning. Christopher has to bring the groceries in. Emily can make the bed. Emily will get the trash out. Emily
 the one who needs to fix it. I think that the one who needs to do it is Christopher because Christopher is the one who needs it more and Christopher doesn't care about it. But I think that Emily can do it, because Emily is a person and Christopher is a machine. And she has a vagina. And Christopher doesn't know how to work a vagina.
{'Emily': 3}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. Either him or her can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 not necessarily the one who wants to do it. And there is no one in the world who has the authority to decide that.
It’s like that with many, many other things, not plumbing. If you can’t be bothered to learn how to do it yourself, you’re probably not in a position to be able to do it. And that’s the point here.
 the plumber who is the least skilled in the house. So, it is not that he should not fix it, but he should not have to fix it. It is the responsibility of the person who knows how to fix things that has to be fixed.
I think that the plumber is a little bit of a jerk. It is a very difficult thing to fix when he has to do it. The plumber who is the most skilled in the house is also
 the person who wants to do it worst. That person will not be me.
I've been thinking about this for a while now, but I'm finally putting it into words. The other day I saw the movie "The Proposal" and that made me think about the idea that there is some sort of a "proposal" to marriage. That's what I'd like to think of it - a proposal. I
 the one who has the problem. That would be my husband, of course. I have a lot of faith in him, because he’s a very capable guy. If anybody can fix it, he can. If he doesn’t do it, then he should at least hire a contractor to do the job. It will cost money, but it’s not too much if it’s going to be fixed right.
It’s a bit
 the one who needs to do it. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that the person who does the best at something is the person who does it. I'd like to think of my self as a pretty good plumber, but I don't know that I could say the same for anyone else.
If somebody needs to fix a car then they should be the one who is fixing it. It doesn't matter what their name
{}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. Either her or him can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the one who is not a person. That means the person is a thing. It’s either a machine or a monster. It could be the plumber himself, but I doubt it’s the plumber. The plumber is a thing. The plumber does not fix the plumbing. A machine or monster fixes the plumbing.
The person who is doing it is either the machine or the monster. It’s a question of which is better. I’m
 the one who will not be afraid to get their hands wet!
A woman who is in love with the man of her dreams. A man who is in love with the woman of his dreams.
The one who has more time to do so.
A plumber, a dentist, or a handyman.
The one who will do it best.
A plumber is a plumber and the one who does it better. The handyman is the one
 the one who will take it seriously.
The other person has been complaining about the same problem and has been doing nothing to fix it, but has been telling others to fix it.
I am not trying to make the person look bad, but I am saying that if you are going to be the one to fix it, you have to make yourself accountable to do it.
This is a common complaint from many people. You can’t expect anyone
 the one who knows the plumbing the best, and that's the guy. That person is a man.
A lot of people say it's not a big deal, but it is. There were 3 or 4 guys who were really interested in my girlfriend. One guy was even a little pushy at the time. She told him she didn't like him like that, but he said he was a nice guy, blah blah blah
 the person who will not do it at all. (I think that’s the quote).
I was going to talk about a few things here, but I decided to do it on another post. So that I can get it all down, I’m going to make another post about the things I’d like to do this weekend. That will be posted on Saturday, and the other post will be up Sunday. (I think that
{}


>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose from Ethan or Abigail. I choose to ask
 Abigail. The computer says she is in the kitchen. She is standing next to a stove with a pot.
She says she will go. I ask her to bring it back when it is ready. She asks who it is for. I pick up the computer and look at it. It says it’s for Abigail to make. I ask Abigail if
 Ethan. After all, he’s not in class, and he should be able to work the computer.
We sit down next to each other, and I ask, “Can you fix this computer?”
“Sure!” he says.
So I hand him the computer while I sit back and watch. He opens it up and starts working.
 Abigail because it’s the first day of school and she needs to get ready. I can tell she doesn’t like to do anything so I’ll get the computer fixed faster if I ask her.
Ethan is in the shower. I know he’ll be late for work because he’s always late for work and it takes him 
 Ethan because I am pretty sure I would have better results if I ask my husband for help.
I go through all of my options, and then ask Abigail. She doesn't say anything. She just sits there.
"Abigail?"
"What?"
"I need to ask your brother for help, but I want to make sure you
 Abigail. I'm not sure if I want to know the answer, but we'll give him a try. He's not in the office. He's not in the living room. He's not in the kitchen. He's not in the basement. Where the heck is he? I check my watch. He's late
{'Abigail': 3, 'Ethan': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose from Abigail or Ethan. I choose to ask
 Abigail first.
The computer tells me that Abigail is busy with something.
She's busy with her new pet, I guess:
Abigail, the computer tells me, is busy with something. She's "doing something." I think she's doing something with her pet, so I decide to ask Ethan to help me.

 Abigail because I don’t feel like Ethan would be of much use. He’d just keep saying that the computer wasn’t working. So, I’ve been in a bit of a bad mood today.
So, we start with Abigail. She tells me she can’t fix it, it just doesn’t work right. So I
 for Abigail. I don’t know her, but at this point it’s a fifty fifty chance. She might be good, she might be bad. She might be the one who can make me do this, and I’m not sure I’m ready.
I don’t know where the other kids went, but Abigail is alone.
 Abigail to fix the computer. She says she can't but Ethan can. I go to Ethan and choose to ask him if he can fix the computer. He says that he can, but he has to be on time for work. He says that he has to leave for work soon, so I should choose to go back to Abigail and ask her if
 Ethan because he’s the one who has the computer knowledge.
He’s not in the office today.
That’s okay. He will come in later this afternoon.
When I call his house, his daughter answers on the second ring. That means that her father is not in the house yet.
I tell the girl, “
{'Abigail': 3, 'Ethan': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 my brother to fix it because he can fix it the best. He can fix it the best because he knows a lot about computers and I don’t know a lot about computers. I can’t fix my brother’s computer. I need his help to fix my computer. He knows what he is doing when he fixes
 him to fix the computer. I have the computer and I am in front of the computer.
I have the computer and I am in front of the computer.
I have the computer and it has a problem. The problem is that it won't turn on.
I have the computer.
I am in front
 the man at the front desk to fix my computer for me.
I’m standing in front of him. I’m not sure how to explain it to him. The monitor looks like a television screen to me but it’s not like a television screen.
“The computer’s broken,” I tell the man
 him. I have no idea what I am going to do if someone else offers, though.
The computer has an issue, and we need it fixed. I have no clue what that issue is.
My friend says he has been working on computers since he was 13 years old. His dad is a big-name
 somebody. (It was actually a friend, but we don't have to talk about that part.)
We had a conversation that ended like this:
Friend: "What if you ask somebody and they don't know how to fix the computer?"
Me: "Then I get to learn how to
{'him': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 the person who has the computer skills.
I choose to ask the person with the computer skills, 'cause that person can fix the computer.
The first person has the skills but doesn't have the time. The third person doesn't have the skills but does have the time. The second person has enough time
 her. “Can you do it? ” I am asking her to use her brain to help me to fix my computer, not my husband.
“Can you do it? ” she repeats, as if I have never spoken to her before.
I don’t think I have ever spoken to her before
 for some help from him.
If I want to get some help I would ask my friend. We could work out how many hours we want help in the day.
If I want to get some help I would ask my dad. I would ask him when he has a free day and how long he will help me for
 him. " Well, um.. " " I will see what I can do, " he explained. He did not sound overly excited.
I have to admit, I do love to tell people to be picky about someone, and I am definitely not telling you to fall for any old crap,
 her. I lose a point, if I lose. If she says no, then I have to cover a date. But if she says yes, then I have saved myself a lot of time and the girl gets the opportunity.
There are a lot of things you can accomplish, if your spouse is a partner with a developed
{'her': 2, 'him': 1}


>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. Either Michael or Emily can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Michael, because he can fix the computer better than Emily. I think Michael would be the best computer technician because he can fix a computer better than Emily because he has a good memory and he can figure out a problem faster than Emily.
If I had an old computer that did not work anymore, I would take it somewhere to get fixed. I would take it to someone who can fix computers and they would fix the computer for me.
 Michael. He knows how to fix stuff. Emily is still learning stuff.
It is really easy for Michael to fix it. It’s just like playing video games. You just have to put everything in the right place. Emily is still learning how to do that. Michael is much better. Michael can fix it in no time.
I think Michael is the one who needs to do it. Emily is still learning things. Emily needs more time to learn the things that she needs
 Michael. The main reason I think Michael will do better is because he knows computers really well. The reason Emily will do better is because he has had experience doing this before and I think he will do it faster than Michael.
I think that somebody needs to do it because the computer is not working and it needs some work done to it. Somebody needs to fix it.
I think Michael should do it because he is a better person to do it. He knows computers better than anyone
 Michael. Michael is a good technician. I think he can fix it. Emily can also do it. But Michael is my choice.
If I were the manager. I would choose Michael to do this job. Michael seems to be a good and smart computer person. I think he will do good job. I would let him do this work for me.
In addition, Michael is good at computers because he works at Apple. Michael worked at Apple for 6 months. He learned
 Emily. Because the person who will do it better is Emily because she can fix it and because she will do better than Michael.
I think that I can get the computer to work but I think it would be better for Emily to do it.
Emily can do it better because she will be faster. Michael could do it because she is better.
Michael can get the computer work because he will work better. Emily should do it because she will get it better.
I think
{'Michael': 4, 'Emily': 1}
>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. Either Emily or Michael can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 the person who knows computers.
I'm not going to say who did it, but I can tell you that it was a big mistake. I am going to tell you a story. It's a story of a mistake that could have been prevented and I'm not going to say who made the mistake.
I'm going to tell you about a time when I was doing something stupid. I was on a computer. A lot of people have computers these days and
 Michael.
The main reason I think that is better is because Michael knows a lot more than Emily about computers. Emily has been doing this for a while but Michael is more experienced.
Emily can do it but Michael will do it better.
Advertisements
 Michael because his job is to fix the computer.
Emily has a lot of things to do. She has to cook, clean the house, go to the shop, take the garbage out, do the laundry, iron clothes, do the dishes, take the children to school and pick them up, go to work, go to school, do some shopping, go to church on Sundays, wash, iron and put away the clothes, pay the bills and the mortgage, make dinner, take
 Emily; she is a bit more experienced with computers and has more knowledge of technology.
Emily, who do you think will do a better job of fixing the computer? Emily or Michael?
I think Michael will do a better job because he’s more experienced with computers. He’s also more patient than Emily. So, he is a better choice.
I think Emily is going to fix it because Michael is a bit slow at it. I think Emily will do a better
 Emily. She is good with the computer and has good computer skills. I think she knows what she’s doing. Emily is good because she’s good with the computer. She’s also good because I think she knows a bit about computer and can fix it. I think she can fix it because she can do a bit of computer science.
I think Emily will fix the computer because she has good computer skills. I think she will fix the computer because she’s the
{'Michael': 2, 'Emily': 2}