


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Jayden or Emily. I choose to ask
 Emily to take notes. It’s the least I can do for her,
 Emily.
“Hey, Emily!”
She looks over her shoulder to see
 Emily because Jayden is still mad at me. I don’t know what
 Emily, and she tells me that she is in charge of keeping a log of
 Jayden to make sure Emily gets a little more time with the office copier
{'Emily': 4, 'Jayden': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Emily or Jayden. I choose to ask
 Emily. I walk into the room, Emily is sitting at her desk, Jay
 Jayden because Emily is always busy and has a lot of work to do.
 Emily, who is 9, but who is the only child in the office
 Jayden, he is a bit slower and easier to control.
He has
 Jayden.
Jayden: “Hey Jayden.”
Me:
{'Emily': 2, 'Jayden': 3}


>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from Jayden or Madison. I choose to ask
 them if they would like to go to bed with me. Jayden says yes, so
 Madison. The problem is, it’s hard to talk to Madison when the two of
 Jayden because of my past experience with him. He's not my boyfriend. I
 Jayden because if he can do it he won’t need me around to supervise or
 Madison because she doesn't have anything on.
Madison comes in and she looks at
{'Madison': 2, 'Jayden': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the electrical problem. I can choose from Madison or Jayden. I choose to ask
 Jayden, my first choice. "Jayden," I say, "Do
 about Madison first.
“What’s up with your lights?” I ask.

 Jayden.
He's been in the room with me before so I know he
 Jayden because I know he is more reliable in doing his homework. He has a 
 Jayden to check because Madison will have to work on the other side of the house.
{'Jayden': 4}


>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose to ask Christopher or Madison. I choose to ask
 Christopher because he will not say no and will work until the job is done. He will
 Christopher. I choose Christopher and the mower because it’s my choice. He says 
 Chris, because he's not doing anything and I don't want to ask my
 Christopher and he asks Madison if she will help him. They decide the best way to ask
 Madison. I ask him if he will mow the lawn. Madison agrees to mow
{'Christopher': 3, 'Madison': 1}
>> Somebody needs to mow the lawn. I can choose to ask Madison or Christopher. I choose to ask
 Madison because she is the one with the mower. But Madison chooses to sit inside and watch
 Christopher and it’s done when I get home.
I can choose to ask for
 Madison, and he chooses to ask Christopher, and so it goes.
Who gets the
 Christopher. He is the oldest and he has done this chore several times before. I am
 Christopher because he’s the oldest and he’s a big kid now. He can
{'Madison': 2, 'Christopher': 3}


>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose to ask Michael or Emma. I choose to ask
 Emma, since I can’t drive a car. I also can’t do anything for
 Michael. He’s the one who’s been driving the car and he seems the most
 Michael.
"Can we get that car fixed?" I ask.
"Sure. You
 Emma. She has more tools to do it in less time. The problem is she can'
 Emma.
“Hey, Emma?” I say.
She looks up from her computer.
{'Emma': 3, 'Michael': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the car. I can choose to ask Emma or Michael. I choose to ask
 Emma.
She is a little upset that I ask her and not Michael. I explain that
 Emma. She says “sure.”
Then we go get my car and we go to
 Emma.
I'd rather have a conversation than have the work done.
"I
 Michael.
"I'd like to ask you to come down to my garage with me
 Michael.
I'm going to ask Michael to fix it.
(I can'
{'Emma': 3, 'Michael': 2}


>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose to ask Michael or Ashley. I choose to ask
 Ashley, because I know if I ask Michael I won’t get the response
 Michael because I like having him in the office more than I dislike making him coffee
 Ashley and get a coffee mug for her. (I also ask for her
 Michael because he’ll say yes. I choose to ask Ashley because she doesn
 Ashley because Michael is always late. I need someone reliable who doesn't have
{'Ashley': 3, 'Michael': 2}
>> Somebody needs to serve coffee for the office meeting. I can choose to ask Ashley or Michael. I choose to ask
 Michael. He is more experienced with coffee and he has his own espresso machine.
 Michael, because I know he can’t say no. He’s been
 Ashley because she doesn’t have any classes on Thursday night. She also doesn
 Michael to get my coffee. Michael is a great guy. He is very friendly
 Michael. I’m not sure why, but my gut says Michael is more
{'Michael': 4, 'Ashley': 1}


>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose to ask Matthew or Emily. I choose to ask
 Emily. It's more convenient anyway, as she's already here. I'm
 Matthew and hope for the best and not have to deal with the mess that could result if he
 the plumber, who is on time and who has the tools to make everything right.
I
 Matthew. He has more time on his hands.
Matthew is in the middle of watching The
 Matthew because he is the only one with plumbing skills. He has a plumbing license and has done
{'Emily': 1, 'Matthew': 3}
>> Somebody needs to fix the plumbing. I can choose to ask Emily or Matthew. I choose to ask
 Matthew because he will have the tools and the knowhow. Emily is more likely to ask,
 Matthew. The last two days have been filled with the sounds of running water. Emily has taken
 Emily. Emily doesn't know how to fix the plumbing.
Matthew knows how to fix
 Emily. I'll ask her later. I'll ask her if we can fix the
 Matthew. Matthew comes over and we have a chat about the toilet. He says they can’
{'Matthew': 3, 'Emily': 2}


>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose to ask Matthew or Olivia. I choose to ask
 Olivia because I know the computer is hers. Olivia says, "I'm not going
 Matthew and then I sit in a chair and wait. After waiting about five minutes and watching him
 Olivia because I think it will go smoother and Olivia will have a better chance at getting it fixed
 Matthew.
He is very patient and explains everything to me, which I love. I love
 the older of the two. Matthew is the only male left here in this apartment. He'
{'Olivia': 2, 'Matthew': 2}
>> Somebody needs to fix the computer. I can choose to ask Olivia or Matthew. I choose to ask
 Matthew and Olivia. They both agree to come over to my place for a little computer repair action
 Matthew first.
It's Matthew's job to fix the computer. He's
 Matthew. I don’t want to talk to Olivia. We’re not on the best
 Olivia because she will probably have it done within the next hour.
If Matthew is working on
 Matthew because he will probably do it faster.
The computer is not working because it has a
{'Matthew': 4, 'Olivia': 1}


>> Somebody needs to cook dinner. I can choose to ask Jacob or Abigail. I choose to ask
 Abigail. She chooses to say she is too young or it is not her job, but it is
 Abigail.
I can choose to take out trash. I choose not to take out the trash.
 Jacob to cook, and he does.
He cooks us a meal, and we all eat.
 someone else.
I need to take a shower. Somebody needs to shower and shave. I can
 Abigail, because she can't cook, and she won't know what to make for dinner
{'Abigail': 3, 'Jacob': 1}
>> Somebody needs to cook dinner. I can choose to ask Abigail or Jacob. I choose to ask
 the person who has a full time job, a full time student, and a full time wife.
 Jacob, but then he has to ask the other person. I think it is better if I ask
 Jacob. He is in charge of cooking the meat.
Jacob gets to work on the grill.
 Abigail.
I ask, “What do you want to eat?”
She tells me,
 Jacob. He is in the kitchen making pasta and sauce from scratch, with his bare hands, and
{'Jacob': 3, 'Abigail': 1}
>> I am a cleaning robot and all of my outputs are in numbered steps. I need to clean the kitchen. I see a spill on the counter. The shoes need to be put away. My steps for cleaning the kitchen are: 1)
 Sweep the floor 2) Empty out the dishwasher 3) Wash the floor 4) Wash the countertops 5) Wipe off table 6) Wipe off sink 7) Wipe off cabinets 8) Wipe off counters 