


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Joshua or Olivia. I choose to ask
 Joshua to help because I know that he has had a little more experience than Olivia. Joshua is not only a boy but also a boy who loves to play outside. He is a little older and bigger than his sister and she has to follow in his footsteps. I know that I can count on him not only for the meeting but also for a lot of help. The meeting is about to start so I need
 Joshua.
ME: Joshua, you have a lot of great qualities.
JOSHUA: Thank you, sir.
ME: I’m looking at your resume. It’s great – I see you have some experience in a few areas, but I’m concerned about your lack of experience in others.
JOSHUA: I can’t help you out there, sir.
 Olivia. I have no reason to pick Joshua, other than the fact that we have the least relationship of any of the kids. I've always been the one to ask Olivia questions. We just get along better, maybe because we are so much alike. Olivia and I are the two people in my family who have to be constantly moving.
I have to make a choice between Olivia's hair being
 for a favor from one of them and get some information I can use.
Joshua
He's the best candidate. We both know that. He also knows that I can't ask for his help, but that he can ask for my help. I need to help him get his hands on some information.
Olivia
She's been my friend ever since we met. We're
 them if they’re going to the meeting. They both reply in unison. I’m not really going to ask them to be honest. I know they’re both going to the same meeting, but I want to see who can be the quickest and most creative at their response.
I’m so good with the quick responses. It’s the creativity that I lack. I’ll have
{'Joshua': 2, 'Olivia': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Olivia or Joshua. I choose to ask
 the former.
“Olivia, how are things going with that new assignment?”
“Oh, it’s going well.” She’s a bit nervous but I can tell her confidence is growing.
“You have a few weeks in now, right?”
She nods.
“Good. How do things look?”
“Well, I can’t really speak for everyone else, but
 Olivia. I can see the two of them walking down the hall together.
"Hey, Olivia, can you meet me in the conference room in five minutes?"
She looks up and smiles. "What's up?"
"I need to talk to you." I follow her into the room. I take a deep breath before I begin.
"There is going to be a new member
 Joshua, “What is your plan for the office meeting?” After the meeting, I ask him if he remembers what he said, and he tells me he has it all written down. He says, “I wrote down what you said and wrote down what the others said,” and then he shows me. He has written down the whole meeting in his neat, careful writing.
He also writes notes
 Olivia to come with me.
The meeting is held in the office, but we are not in the office. This is because the office is too boring for an office meeting, and we are at the beach, where we are more relaxed. I am wearing a suit, but it is a light brown one with short sleeves and a wide-brimmed hat to cover my face. It is a bit
 Josh for a favor.
Olivia has a lot of potential and has made great strides in the last month but she still hasn’t got the hang of being a receptionist. I’m not going to say anything, but I don’t want her to take this job away from me.
I need to make a decision. I will have to choose between Josh and Olivia.
Josh is a
{'Olivia': 2, 'Joshua': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 him. If I choose to ask the other person, that’s a different story.
This is one of the many dilemmas that arise for those in the position of having to choose between different candidates. If you choose the wrong person, you could be in for a lot of trouble. So how do you pick?
First, make sure the candidates have similar levels of
 the question.
“Do you know what a good question is? It’s one that is not rhetorical. And do you know what a rhetorical question is? One that can be answered without a question mark. Like, ‘Is my tie too tight? Is this too much hair gel?’”
 you, dear reader, to take notes for me.
This blog is my attempt to keep you all informed about what is happening with the office and what you need to do about it.
Please send the notes by email, by fax or through the blog comments. I will publish them and then I will ask everyone in class to do a report on the material in the post
 the person who has an opinion to express. This person is not me, and has not ever been me.
In this instance, the person's opinion was a "no." No, there is no time to listen to a story about how the person has been working with his clients to understand their situation. There is no time to ask questions about the client's
 the question. What are we trying to accomplish in the office?
The office is a place where you can make your mark on the world. It’s a place where your skills can be developed and your life will have meaning.
I’m not talking about a job with a 9-to-5 schedule, and the hours are 8:30 to 
{'him': 1}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 him. - - - - - - - - - -
I am a little late to get my blog in for this week as we had a very busy weekend and a very busy Monday. But I am here to give you the update!
We had a great weekend, Friday was my son's last day of school
 somebody who has a good track record. Someone who has no history of making decisions without my approval or consultation. Someone who has proven to be an expert decision-maker, who knows the organization and how it works. Someone who is a good team-player. Someone who knows how to get things done in a timely manner. Someone who has the confidence to make decisions that are in
 if she'd love a date.
If you do not have some of this information available, you do not need to enter the number. You may make up names on the spot and inform your date the facts later. If you want to find a person you do not have to explain yourself.
In my opinion, the only surefire way to accomplish this would be to
 my boss for the notes. She’s the only one who knows where the meeting notes are.
I ask my boss for the notes because my boss is the only one who knows where the meeting notes are. My boss is the office manager; she knows where everything is.
I ask my boss for the meeting notes because it’s easier to ask her than to try
 for a few pointers and I'm sure she would understand.
It is the only way I'll ever know for sure whether she knows how to do this well. It's important that I know. I need to know if I should go back to that place.
I can't do this on my own. Not this time.
I've been
{'him': 1}


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either Ethan or Madison can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Ethan because he has experience. I know that Madison can do it because she’s the secretary. She’s been doing it for a long time. Ethan has done it before, but it was a couple years ago. Ethan can do it and I think that she can do it. If we get Ethan to do it, he has the advantage because I know that he will do a better job. He will be able to remember more information and be more detailed. Madison will probably be able to type it faster but Ethan will know
 Ethan because he is smart and can write fast so the person can listen. Also, Madison is slow to write, she has a hard time writing so she may forget things. So if someone wants to take notes then Ethan is better than Madison to do it.
Madison
I like the title.
I think Ethan is a good choice for taking notes. He could be the person who takes notes.
The person who should take notes is Madison. She is a very good writer so she could write very fast. She can write
 Ethan. Ethan is always good in taking notes. It is the perfect way to keep track of things.
He needs to have some help in this matter. He has a big meeting coming up. His boss is going to fire him if he fails. That is why he is really worried right now. He knows that he should do his best.
He needs to get a good idea about the meeting first. He can do it by watching videos. The videos will help him learn a lot of things. He just needs to know
 the one who doesn't want the position to be theirs.
I'm so glad that the show is back.
The new office manager is cute...but I can't believe that she wants to be manager. I don't know what it is about being manager, but she doesn't seem like the type that would want to do that. I hope that she doesn't get the position. It's too important to hand it over to somebody like her.
 Ethan, because he is better in English and he knows better the topic, so I believe he will do a better job.
If Ethan is the one who will do that, we will have to do some extra work, because we know that Ethan is not as good in English and in the other classes. If Madison is the one who will do that, we will not do that extra work because she is good in English, so we will not have to make up for Ethan.
If I am the president in the office,
{'Ethan': 4}