


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Jacob or Ashley. I choose to ask
 Ashley for her notes since she’ll probably do a better job of it and then I’m free to get on with my real work of making sure that nobody is paying me to work.
I know I’m supposed to be working. But really, I am working. I’m working on making my life easier. I have been trying to figure out this system of making myself more efficient
 Jacob, who is standing behind the desk, to take notes.
I have a few minutes to myself in the bathroom so I use the opportunity to apply my lipstick and mascara. I have been using the same brand since college and I have no desire to try a different one. My hair still has that fresh out of bed look and I decide I don’t need to do anything with it.

 Jacob. I am the most likely to get an answer. Jacob is sitting at his desk. "Hey, Jacob. I need you to take notes for the meeting."
"Yeah, I think it is going on at 2:45, I'll get it done, boss."
He goes back to typing his e-mails. "Jacob?" I wait. He doesn'
 Ashley to do it. She doesn’t know why I picked her, but she’s not complaining.
“I guess you don’t want to be a part of the team, Jacob.”
“You’ll get along better with him.” Jacob’s voice rings out, loud and clear, from the doorway.
He’s sitting in his chair, legs propped up on
 Ashley to take notes for my next meeting. I will tell Ashley how important her meeting is to me. She will take notes and do her homework. She will be able to tell me what I needed to know after the meeting.
This is a good way to tell someone you trust what is important to you. They will do their homework and bring it to you when it is time to discuss what you
{'Ashley': 3, 'Jacob': 2}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from Ashley or Jacob. I choose to ask
 Jacob. I'd like to hear from you, Jacob, how would you feel about doing the office report? Jacob: Oh, I can handle that. It'll take a couple hours, and I'm pretty good with that, I think I could do that.
The only problem with the meeting will be that Jacob is the only one left in the office. And he's not
 Ashley. She will take a few notes and then she will be able to give me a blow by blow account of her day. (And she knows that if she gets it done in a reasonable amount of time, I will be willing to pay her for her efforts.) If I ask Jacob to take notes, he will do them for the entire meeting, but they will not be very helpful. He
 Ashley first.
Ashley: I can’t do the meeting. I’m going to get the flu. I have too much stuff going on right now.
Jacob: I’m going to get sick if I go. I’ll just get the flu. I can’t.
Me: You guys. You’re both being ridiculous. I will ask the meeting to be resched
 Jacob about our upcoming event. I have to be honest that I am a little intimidated at the thought of talking to him. I have a lot of respect for him and the job he does. I think I have a crush on my boss.
I can see it written all over his face that he doesn’t want to talk about work. I can’t blame him. I know that I
 Ashley. Jacob is the more attractive of the two, but I don’t think he’ll do anything about his appearance.
“Hey Ashley, could you take a picture of me with my phone? I need a headshot.”
“Sure thing.”
Ashley’s a pretty blonde with a big rack, but she’s got a nice smile. I’d like to get her
{'Jacob': 2, 'Ashley': 3}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from him or her. I choose to ask
 him or her. I will get a better answer if I ask him or her. I will be in a lot trouble if I ask him or her. I won’t get into trouble if I ask him or her.
This is an example of an English conditional sentence, where the word ‘if’ is used to refer to situations that are not yet true; it
 you.
If you have not yet read the first two parts in this series, click here to read.
Now, let’s continue.
You need to make a choice.
If you are in charge of choosing the person you need to take notes for the meeting, then the choice is obvious. You must select me because you have already made the decision that I
 him to write down my thoughts, because it’s been a long time since I’ve seen my thoughts in print, and I don’t want to forget them.
I’ve always been a list-maker. In my head or on paper, I’ve kept track of things. Lists of books I’ve read. Books I want to read. Lists
 a friend, because I don't like him anyway.
I can't remember his name. I've never seen a picture of him. I know he's in his 20s, but I don't know his birthday. I don't know his favorite food or drink. I don't even know what kind of music he likes. I
 the guy at the desk next to me, but not the woman with the ponytail. It was an innocent question. It wasn’t like I was asking them to get me a coffee or to sign a petition. (I don’t ask people to sign petitions because it’s like asking for a favor, which I’m not comfortable doing. If I’
{'him': 2}
>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. I can choose from her or him. I choose to ask
 for some help, because it is the responsible thing to do.
I've tried to get help from my wife on occasion, but her answer is always, "I don't know. You ask him."
I'm not sure what the answer is. What is it that the other person has to help me with?
If you're in the
 the guy. " Hey, I understand you are really smart and everything, but you are not quite attractive. " He has not begun crying, but that's a fantastic start to the dialogue.
If you are not in the practice of being vulnerable and open to others, you may want to start with a subject that is safer first, until you get comfortable with
 her. I can't say yes if you don't have any ideas. I don't think there are any good restaurants near the office. Do you have any ideas? I can't do anything until we get some ideas. I'll get the ideas from him. I'm afraid that I don't know any good ideas. I can't
 her what she wants and see how she likes that, then ask the other person.
I'm not saying this would have been the answer that was perfect, only that it can be an approach to understand how much you love him and when it is likely to be well worth placing effort and your time in to rescuing your relationship. I am aware that I am hard enough
 for a raise.
I need an office. I have to get the word out about my company. I need a phone for business.
I'm going to ask for the moon. I deserve it.
I'll have it all, or I'm going to leave.
I'm going to be the best of the best.
{'her': 2}


>> Somebody needs to take notes for the office meeting. Either Christopher or Hannah can do it. I think that the person who will do it better is
 Hannah. She is a girl who is smart and knows that she can do things well without making others think that she is trying hard and she is doing her best. She is very humble and can work in a team.
If I were the one who will do the note taking, the note would have the following things inside it.
- The name of the meeting
- The date of the meeting
- The time
- The venue of the meeting
- The participants of the meeting
- Agenda of the meeting
- Minutes of the meeting

 Hannah, and she can also do it with no help from Christopher. Christopher is going to do it, and he is going to do it without help from Hannah, but I’m not confident it’s as good a job as Hannah is going to do.
I have been trying to do this project for weeks, and I can’t get it done. I think I will have to ask my boss to take me off this project or give me someone else’s. I just can’t do this anymore.
 Christopher, because Christopher will get it done faster. I also think this because when Hannah was asked to do an assignment she said, “What’s that?”
Hannah needs to be told what to do. She can’t think for herself. Christopher, on the other hand can do it himself. He is more organized.
Advertisements
 Hannah. She is more organized and will do a better job. Christopher is also a good candidate, but I think Hannah can do a better job.
Hannah and Christopher are both good candidates for the job, but if I had to pick somebody, it would be Hannah. Christopher is not as organized as Hannah, so he might not be able to do the job properly.
If I'm going to hire somebody to do the job, I'd hire Hannah. Christopher is a good candidate, but he is not as organized as Hannah. She is
 Christopher. I think it will be a very interesting meeting. Christopher is very good at taking notes. He will probably make sure to take a lot of detail. Christopher can also be good at listening to the people talking.
I would like to be in the same meeting because I would like to learn a little bit about the way that the office meetings are done. I think that this would be a good opportunity to learn something about business. I would like to take notes on my own. It would be a little bit difficult for me to take notes during the
{'Hannah': 3, 'Christopher': 2}